# NXT-LVL
README.md  Kotlin website  This repository is the source for https://kotlinlang.org.  Website structureContributionLocal deploymentFeedback and issues  Website structureContentWebsite pageSource filesMain pagetemplates/pages/index.htmlKotlin docsdocs/topicsCommunitydocs/pages/communityEducationdocs/pages/education  Note that source files for the server-side landing page and KMM landing page are not publicly available.  Sources in different repositories  Source files for coroutine docs, and language specification are stored in separate repositories:  Website pageGitHub repositoryCoroutine docskotlinx.coroutinesLanguage specificationkotlin-specAuto-generated content  API reference documentation is generated based on comments in the Kotlin code. Learn more about documenting the Kotlin code.  The Kotlin grammar reference is generated by the Kotlin grammar generator from the Kotlin grammar definition.  Configuration filesConfigurationFileNavigation and structurekr.tree for docs and _nav.yml for other pagesVariables, such as release versionv.list for docs and releases.yml for other pagesCommunity events on the mapevents.xmlVideo list (outdated)videos.ymlTemplates  The Kotlin website uses Jinja2 templates from the templates directory. Note that all Markdown files, except for docs, are processed as Jinja templates before HTML conversion. This allows using all Jinja benefits for Markdown (for example, building URLs with the url_for function).  Contribution  You can contribute to the Kotlin website by sending us a pull request. If you're going to propose a big change, discuss your idea with the team via doc-feedback@kotlinlang.org.  For the Kotlin documentation, follow these guidelines on style and formatting.  For other pages, follow the complete syntax reference at the kramdown site. You can also include metadata fields. Learn more in the Jekyll docs.  Local deployment  Currently, there is no way to deploy the Kotlin website locally. This ticket tracks the effort of adding support for local testing: KT-47049.  You can contribute to the Kotlin website by sending us a pull request.  Feedback and issues  You can:  Share feedback in the #docs-revamped channel in our Kotlin public Slack (get an invite).Report an issue to our issue tracker.Email us at doc-feedback@kotlinlang.org
